Cash from Operations = Net Income + 
                        Depreciation + Amortization +(-) 
                        Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable +(-) 
						Decrease (Increase) in Accounts Receivable +(-) 
						Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Taxes +(-) 
						Decrease (Increase) in Inventories +(-) 
						Decrease (Increase) in Pre-Paid Expenses.
						
Free cash flow per share = (Cash from operations – Capital expenditures – Dividends paid) / Average Shares Outstanding

Cash flow = Cash from operations + Cash from investing + Cash from financing + Exchange rate effects.

Cash flows from investing for the most recent 12-month period and for each of the last seven fiscal years. 
  The primary component of investment cash flows is the capital expenditure for long-term assets such as plant and machinery. 
  This amount is calculated net of proceeds on sales of these assets.

Cash flows from financing for each of the last eight fiscal quarters. 
  Inflows from additional borrowing, repayment of debt, dividend payments, and equity financing are all components of financing cash flow.

Capital expenditures for the most recent 12-month period and for each of the last seven fiscal years. 
  Capital expenditures are those outlays to acquire or improve capital assets such as buildings and machinery.

Research and development costs for the latest 12-month period and for each of the last seven years. 
  Note: This field applies only to Industrial firms.
  
Depreciation and amortization, as reported on a company’s statement of cash flows, for each of the last eight fiscal quarters. 
  This value can include depreciation, amortization of intangibles and acquisition costs, and depletion. 
    Depreciation represents the amount of expense charged against earnings by a company to write off the cost of a plant or machine over its useful life, 
      giving consideration to wear and tear, obsolescence, and salvage value. 
    Depletion represents a non-cash expense: depletion of depletable fixed assets such as oil reserves, forests or mineral extraction rights. 
    Amortization of intangibles represents a non-cash expense incurred due to the amortization of intangible fixed assets, 
      including software development costs, acquired technology, and impairment or write-off of intangible assets. 
      Amortization of acquisition costs represents a non-cash expense from the amortization of goodwill or business acquisition costs capitalized.
 
 
Gross Income - A company’s gross income (sales – cost of goods sold) for the most recent 12-month period and for each of the last seven fiscal years.
 
Gross operating income for each of the last eight quarters. 
  It is calculated by taking Sales and subtracting Total Operating Expenses, which can include Cost of Goods Sold, Research and Development, 
    Depreciation/Amortization, Interest Costs (Operating), and Unusual expenses/income from the same time period.

Operating Margin = Operating Income / Sales	
	
Net income for the latest 12-month period and each of the last seven fiscal years. 
  Calculated by taking Income after taxes, adding or subtracting Adjustments to income, and adding in nonrecurring adjustments.
	
Total operating expenses for the last four quarters and for each of the last seven years. 
  Operating expenses include cost of goods sold, depreciation/amortization, research/development, interest expense (operating), 
    and unusual expenses/income.

Book value is the common equity of a firm.

Currents Assets = Cash and Cash Equivalents + Marketable Securities + Accounts Receivable + Inventories + Prepaid Expenses
Current Liabilities = Short-term debt + Current portion of long-term debt + Accounts Payable + Accrued liabilities + Interest + Taxes Payable

Current ratio = Current assets / Current liabilities

Long-term debt is liabilities due in a year or more.



